Huge update of the Design documentation (#338)
DataDog/dd-trace-cpp: docs/design.md

# Datadog C++ Tracer Design

The primary purpose of this guide is to describe salient features of the Datadog C++ Tracer's
design.

## Architecture

### Span

[Span](../include/datadog/span.h) is the component with which users will interact the most. Each
span:

- has an "ID",
- is associated with a "trace ID",

> - is associated with a "service", which has a "service type", a "version", and an "environment",

Reviewer: I think we can remove the mention of "service type". Practically we have a service and then each span has a type (e.g. "web") but different spans can have different span types, so to say we have a "service type" is not accurate

- has a "name" (sometimes called the "operation name"),
- has a "resource name", which is a description of the thing that the span is about,
- contains information about whether an error occurred during the represented operation, including
  an error message, error type, and stack trace,
- includes an arbitrary name/value mapping of strings, called "tags",

> - includes an arbitrary name/value mapping of numbers, called "metrics",

Reviewer: So it is technically true that we have a map of strings to numbers called "metrics" but this is an implementation detail that we should move away from. We should eventually move closer to having a map of string to primitives resembling [span attributes](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/common/#attribute-collections). Maybe no changes are needed in this PR but we should be changing this in the future.

Author: Thanks a lot. I'll add a comment about this.

A "trace" is the entire tree of spans having the same trace ID.

Within one process/worker/service, though, typically there is not an entire trace but only part
of the trace. Let's call the process/worker/service a "tracer".

> One portion of a trace that's passing through the tracer is called a "trace segment". A trace

Reviewer: The idea of a "trace segment" is a Datadog-specific concept. Should we do any rewording to indicate that this is our own concept and not a concept shared in the OpenTelemetry community?

Author: Thanks, I will add such a comment.

All of these result in the creation of a new `TraceSegment` (or otherwise return an error). The
`Tracer`'s data members, which were initialized based on the tracer's configuration, are passed to
the `TraceSegment` so that the `TraceSegment` can operate independently.

Note how `Tracer::create_span()` never fails, whereas `Tracer::extract_span()` can fail.

The bulk of `Tracer`'s implementation is `Tracer::extract_span()`. The other substantial work is
configuration, which is handled by `finalize_config(const TracerConfig&)`, declared in
[tracer_config.h](../include/datadog/tracer_config.h). Configuration will be described in more depth
in a subsequent section.

### Trace Context Propagation

Trace context propagation is how spans in different tracers become part of the same trace. When a
trace crosses a tracer boundary (e.g. an outgoing HTTP request), the trace ID, the ID of the span
that initiated the request, and the trace's sampling decision must travel with it, so that the
receiving tracer can create spans belonging to the same trace.

There are two directions:

- Injection: `Span::inject()` writes the current trace context into a carrier (e.g. outgoing HTTP
  headers).

> - Extraction: `Tracer::extract_span()` reads trace context from a carrier (e.g. incoming HTTP

Reviewer: nit: Just a subjective note, I would swap the order to mention extract first and then inject

  headers), and uses it to create a `Span` that continues the trace.

Several wire formats, "propagation styles", are supported. A `Tracer` can be configured with
multiple styles for both injection and extraction.

A trace's sampling decision, once made, is part of what gets propagated: every tracer the trace
passes through agrees on whether it's kept or dropped, rather than deciding independently.

Propagation can also be suppressed: if tracing is disabled for a trace and no other product depends
on it continuing, context is not injected at all.

> `Tracer` can also propagate `Baggage`, an OpenTelemetry-like key/value store for application data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Tracer` can also propagate W3C Baggage, a key/value store for application data that is not inherently part of a distributed trace but is propagated across services alongside a trace.
```
